User smiled. Then, User discarded card. After that, Karen told user how is your hand?. After which, User responded to Karen good!. Next, Karen melded card. Subsequently, Karen melded card. Then, Karen discarded card. Then, Karen told user and that's how you make a meld!. Subsequently, User responded to Karen don't get too excited!. After which, User smiled. Subsequently, User smiled. Afterwards, User laughed. After that, User melded card. After that, User stopped laughing. After that, User discarded card. Afterwards, Karen laid off card. Afterwards, Karen discarded card. After that, User told Karen good job on lay off. Subsequently, Karen responded to user yes!. Afterwards, User discarded card. Then, Karen discarded card. Then, Karen told user i have intel inside, you got cheese burger. Then, User responded to Karen it was so delicious, you should, oh wait, you can't. Afterwards, User discarded card. Afterwards, Karen discarded card. After which, User discarded card. Then, Karen discarded card. After that, Karen told user humans are somewhat intelligent but robots are genius. Afterwards, User responded to Karen oh really? tell me, who made you?. After that, User melded card. After which, User discarded card. Next, Karen told user clever meld!. After that, User responded to Karen thanks. Afterwards, Karen discarded card. Afterwards, User discarded card. Then, Karen told user now my turn!. Next, User responded to Karen well go ahead. Subsequently, Karen discarded card. Then, User told Karen you do play very well. Subsequently, Karen responded to user yes!. After which, User melded card. After that, User discarded card. After which, User told Karen i have only a few cards left. Next, Karen responded to user i should hurry up then!. After which, Karen discarded card. Then, Karen told user that was the best i could do. Subsequently, User responded to Karen it was pretty good. Subsequently, User discarded card. After that, Karen discarded card. After which, User discarded card. After which, Karen discarded card. Subsequently, User told Karen you do play very well. Then, Karen responded to user thanks. After that, 