There once was an agent named Karen who was playing rummy with a human named user. Karen discarded card. User laughed. Then, User smiled. Karen told User do you have good cards?. Afterwards, User responded to Karen not gonna tell you!. User melded card. User laughed. User discarded card. After which, Karen told User these cards are nice, why meld? keep them. User responded to Karen haha, sure!. Afterwards, Karen discarded card. After that, User smiled. User discarded card. Then, Karen discarded card. User discarded card. Subsequently, Karen discarded card. User laughed. After which, Karen told User i have intel inside, you got cheese burger. User responded to Karen it was so delicious, you should, oh wait, you can't. Then, User melded card. User discarded card. Subsequently, Karen told User clever meld!. User responded to Karen thanks. Afterwards, Karen discarded card. After which, User responded to Karen i like playing with you. After that, Karen responded to User then we should play more!. User discarded card. After that, Karen discarded card. Karen told User humans are somewhat intelligent but robots are genius. After that, User smiled. After that, User responded to Karen bragging won't get you to win madam agent. Next, User discarded card. Karen discarded card. User responded to Karen you do play very well. Karen responded to User i am very happy to hear that. User discarded card. Afterwards, Karen melded card. After that, Karen discarded card. After which, User told Karen good meld. Subsequently, Karen responded to User i learn from smart people like you. User discarded card. After that, Karen discarded card. After which, Karen told User i have intel inside, you have a cheese burger. Subsequently, User responded to Karen at least i eat!. User discarded card. Karen discarded card. Next, User melded card. User discarded card. Karen told User few cards to go for you. Then, User responded to Karen too soon to say. Subsequently, Karen discarded card. Next, Karen told User humans are somewhat intelligent but robots are genius. Afterwards, User responded to Karen oh really? tell me, who made you?. User laid off card. User discarded card. Game ended. User told Karen i finally win. good game.. User smiled. 