Karen discarded card. Next, User laughed. Then, User smiled. After which, Karen told user do you have good cards?. After that, User responded to Karen not gonna tell you!. Then, User melded card. After which, User laughed. Afterwards, User discarded card. Afterwards, Karen told user these cards are nice, why meld? keep them. Next, User responded to Karen haha, sure!. Subsequently, Karen discarded card. Afterwards, User smiled. After that, User discarded card. After that, Karen discarded card. After which, User discarded card. Next, Karen discarded card. Subsequently, User laughed. Next, Karen told user i have intel inside, you got cheese burger. After which, User responded to Karen it was so delicious, you should, oh wait, you can't. Subsequently, User melded card. After that, User discarded card. Afterwards, Karen told user clever meld!. Then, User responded to Karen thanks. After that, Karen discarded card. Afterwards, User responded to Karen i like playing with you. Subsequently, Karen responded to user then we should play more!. Subsequently, User discarded card. After which, Karen discarded card. After that, Karen told user humans are somewhat intelligent but robots are genius. After that, User smiled. Then, User responded to Karen bragging won't get you to win madam agent. After which, User discarded card. After which, Karen discarded card. After that, User responded to Karen you do play very well. Subsequently, Karen responded to user i am very happy to hear that. Subsequently, User discarded card. After that, Karen melded card. Next, Karen discarded card. After which, User told Karen good meld. Afterwards, Karen responded to user i learn from smart people like you. After that, User discarded card. Then, Karen discarded card. After which, Karen told user i have intel inside, you have a cheese burger. After which, User responded to Karen at least i eat!. After that, User discarded card. Subsequently, Karen discarded card. After which, User melded card. Next, User discarded card. After that, Karen told user few cards to go for you. After which, User responded to Karen too soon to say. Subsequently, Karen discarded card. After that, Karen told user humans are somewhat intelligent but robots are genius. After which, User responded to Karen oh really? tell me, who made you?. Next, User laid off card. Then, User discarded card. Next, Game ended. After that, User told Karen i finally win. good game.. Then, User smiled. Next, 