There once was an agent named Karen who was playing rummy with a human named user. Karen melded card. After that, Karen melded card. After which, Karen discarded card. Then, User smiled. Karen told User how is your hand?. Subsequently, User responded to Karen terrible!. After which, User discarded card. Then, Karen told User i am in this to win. User responded to Karen well do your best. After that, Karen discarded card. User discarded card. Karen discarded card. User discarded card. Karen discarded card. Karen told User i have intel inside, you got cheese burger. Then, User responded to Karen don't forget the toppings, i had jalapeno. Next, User discarded card. Karen discarded card. Subsequently, Karen told User i am in this to win. User responded to Karen well do your best. User melded card. Afterwards, User discarded card. User told Karen here i go, meld!. After that, Karen responded to User. Karen discarded card. Afterwards, Karen told User i love playing games. Next, User responded to Karen me too. User discarded card. Then, Karen discarded card. User told Karen you do play very well. Subsequently, Karen responded to User i have to do more melds then. Next, User discarded card. Afterwards, User smiled. Subsequently, Karen told User now my turn!. Next, User responded to Karen show me what you can do!. Afterwards, Karen discarded card. User told Karen you do play very well. Afterwards, Karen responded to User thank you very much, you too. After that, User melded card. Then, User discarded card. User told Karen i got good cards!. Karen responded to User then i might be just losing!. Afterwards, Karen laid off card. Karen discarded card. Karen told User only a few cards left here, haha. User responded to Karen wait for my moves. After which, User discarded card. After that, Karen discarded card. User told Karen it is fun to play with you. After which, User discarded card. Karen discarded card. Karen responded to User you play very well. User discarded card. Afterwards, Karen discarded card. Subsequently, User discarded card. Karen melded card. Karen discarded card. After that, Game ended. User told User good meld. 