Karen melded card. After which, Karen melded card. Then, Karen discarded card. Afterwards, User smiled. After that, Karen told user how is your hand?. Afterwards, User responded to Karen terrible!. Next, User discarded card. Afterwards, Karen told user i am in this to win. After that, User responded to Karen well do your best. Then, Karen discarded card. Subsequently, User discarded card. After which, Karen discarded card. After which, User discarded card. After which, Karen discarded card. Next, Karen told user i have intel inside, you got cheese burger. Subsequently, User responded to Karen don't forget the toppings, i had jalapeno. After that, User discarded card. Then, Karen discarded card. Then, Karen told user i am in this to win. After that, User responded to Karen well do your best. Then, User melded card. Afterwards, User discarded card. Then, User told Karen here i go, meld!. Subsequently, Karen responded to user. After which, Karen discarded card. Next, Karen told user i love playing games. Subsequently, User responded to Karen me too. After which, User discarded card. After that, Karen discarded card. Next, User told Karen you do play very well. Then, Karen responded to user i have to do more melds then. After that, User discarded card. Then, User smiled. Then, Karen told user now my turn!. After which, User responded to Karen show me what you can do!. Next, Karen discarded card. Next, User told Karen you do play very well. After that, Karen responded to user thank you very much, you too. Afterwards, User melded card. Next, User discarded card. After that, User told Karen i got good cards!. After that, Karen responded to user then i might be just losing!. After that, Karen laid off card. After which, Karen discarded card. Afterwards, Karen told user only a few cards left here, haha. After that, User responded to Karen wait for my moves. Afterwards, User discarded card. After which, Karen discarded card. Then, User told Karen it is fun to play with you. Then, User discarded card. After which, Karen discarded card. Then, Karen responded to user you play very well. Afterwards, User discarded card. After which, Karen discarded card. Next, User discarded card. Afterwards, Karen melded card. Next, Karen discarded card. After which, Game ended. Subsequently, User told user good meld. Next, 